Step 1: Install Oracle VirtualBox

Follow the steps you mentioned in your initial guide to install VirtualBox on your Windows computer.
Step 2: Download and set up Ubuntu 22.04 in VirtualBox

Download an Ubuntu 22.04 ISO image from a trusted source, such as the official Ubuntu website.
Create a new virtual machine in VirtualBox and set up the Ubuntu VM using the downloaded ISO image.
Follow the installation wizard to install Ubuntu within the VM.

Step 3: Install Nginx on the Ubuntu Virtual Machine

Once Ubuntu is installed, open a terminal inside the VM.
Update the package list by running the following command:
sql
Copy code
sudo apt update
Install Nginx using the following command:
Copy code
sudo apt install nginx
Start the Nginx service:
sql
Copy code
sudo systemctl start nginx
Enable Nginx to start on boot:
bash
Copy code
sudo systemctl enable nginx

Step 4: Host a website on the Ubuntu Virtual Machine

Place your website files (HTML, CSS, etc.) in the appropriate directory, 
typically /var/www/html/ for the default Nginx configuration.

Step 5: Configure Port Forwarding (if necessary)

If you want to access the Nginx web server from your host machine, 
configure port forwarding in the VirtualBox settings for your VM. 
Forward host port to guest port 80 (HTTP).

Step 6: Scan the Virtual Machine using Nmap

Return to your host machine (Windows, Linux, or macOS).

Step 7: Install and Use Nmap

If you haven't already, download and install Nmap on your host machine from the 
official website: https://nmap.org/download.html


Step 8: Perform a Network Scan


Open a command prompt or terminal on your host machine and use the nmap command to scan 
your Ubuntu VM's IP address. Replace [VM_IP] with the actual IP address of your virtual machine.
For example, to scan the VM with IP 192.168.1.100:

css
Copy code
nmap [VM_IP]

Step 9: Document the Results

Document the output of the Nmap scan. This will show you which ports are open on your Ubuntu VM.
Keep in mind that your network setup and firewall configurations can affect the results of the Nmap scan. 
The open ports will depend on how you configured your virtual machine and Nginx server.